OP-1141 Mention presence of new distribution files (#242)
informatici/openhospital-doc: doc_admin/AdminManual.adoc

=== 3.4 examination.properties

The examination module configuration is set in the _examination.properties_ file.

> A default examination module configuration is available in the _examination.properties.dist_ file:

Author: ```suggestion
A default configuration file for this module is available in the _examination.properties.dist_ file:
```

=== 3.4 examination.properties

> The examination module configuration is set in the _examination.properties_ file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The examination module configuration is set in the _examination.properties_ file.
```

> Default examination module configuration is available in the _examination.properties.dist_ file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A default examination module configuration is available in the _examination.properties.dist_ file:
```

[#sms-properties]
=== 3.6 sms.properties

The SMS communication module configuration is set in the _sms.properties_ file.

> A default SMS communication module configuration is available in the _sms.properties.dist_ file:

Author: ```suggestion
A default configuration file for this module is available in the _sms.properties.dist_ file:
```

=== 3.6 sms.properties

> SMS communication module configuration is set in the _sms.properties_ file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SMS communication module configuration is set in the _sms.properties_ file.
```

> Default SMS configuration is available in the _sms.properties.dist_ file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A default SMS configuration is available in the _sms.properties.dist_ file:
```

[#telemetry-properties]
=== 3.7 telemetry.properties

> The Telemetry configuration is set in the _telemetry.properties_ file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The telemetry configuration is set in the _telemetry.properties_ file.
```

> Default Telemetry configuration is available in the _telemetry.properties.dist_ file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A default Telemetry configuration is available in the _telemetry.properties.dist_ file:
```

> A default telemetry configuration is available in the _telemetry.properties.dist_ file:

Author: ```suggestion
A default configuration file for this module is available in the _telemetry.properties.dist_ file:
```

[#txtprinter-properties]
=== 3.8 txtPrinter.properties

The text printer configuration is set in the _txtPrinter.properties_ file.

> A default text printer configuration is available in the _txtPrinter.properties.dist_ file:

Author: ```suggestion
A default configuration file for this module is available in the _txtPrinter.properties.dist_ file:
```

=== 3.8 txtPrinter.properties

> Text printer configuration is set in the _txtPrinter.properties_ file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The text printer configuration is set in the _txtPrinter.properties_ file.
```

> Default Text printer configuration is available in the _txtPrinter.properties.dist_ file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A default text printer configuration is available in the _txtPrinter.properties.dist_ file:
```

[#xmpp-properties]
=== 3.9 xmpp.properties

The XMPP module configuration is set in the _xmpp.properties_ file.

> A default XMPP module configuration is available in the _xmpp.properties.dist_ file:

Author: ```suggestion
A default configuration file for this module is available in the _xmpp.properties.dist_ file:
```

=== 3.9 xmpp.properties

> XMPP module configuration is set in the _xmpp.properties_ file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The XMPP module configuration is set in the _xmpp.properties_ file.
```

> Default XMPP module configuration is available in the _xmpp.properties.dist_ file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A default XMPP module configuration is available in the _xmpp.properties.dist_ file:
```
